1. Disrespect among members will NOT be tolerated. This policy extends to “read the card” comments and other means of sarcastically answering or disrespecting the person asking the question.
2. Under no circumstances should you have anyone on the admin/mod staff blocked, if it is discovered you have someone on the staff blocked you will be muted indefinitely until the block on the admin has been removed.
3. This space is for the discussion of rules, mechanics, and policies of the Yu-Gi-Oh! TCG. It’s not for the trading, buying/selling of cards, It is also not for discussion of deck building or any other topic unrelated to Rules and Mechanics. If that's what you are looking for please go to our discord https://discord.gg/7FjGVCVFgj or other groups or online forums.
4. This group is not affiliated with Konami or any official resources and as such is not an official source for rulings nor should you think of it as such.
5. You are welcome to ask about any card that has been officially released in the OCG or that we have official TCG text for. If your card in question has yet to be released or is without official  text, then we are unable to assist you and please refrain from asking about them. When asking about OCG only cards you are responsible for providing card text. However if you are unable to locate the text or an official translation please feel free to request it however it may not be provided.
6. We are allowing questions for specific legacy formats however due to the limited knowledge of the rulings back then and answering questions regarding interactions this will be on a best effort basis. Current legacy format we support is Goat format with Exarion banned. If we are unable to assist please refer to the group known as Nostalgic Duelist for further assistance. 
https://www.facebook.com/groups/nostalgicduel 
7. You can include screenshots of the cards text from unlicensed simulators as reference for situations and mentioning them while describing the situation will be allowed. Under no circumstance shall you post requesting for a judge call for that simulator if available or demean or disrespect your opponent on the post, keep it on subject if a ruling clarification is needed.
8. Our admin staff will always present themselves in an unbiased and professional manner. When these rules or general behavior breaks expected standards of the group an admin will take appropriate action. If you believe any admin is acting out of the manner we  present ourselves in then please feel free to alert another admin or mod regarding this.
9. In the case of a dispute with any admin staff, please contact a different page admin to voice your concerns. Present evidence of the dispute along with what the complaint is, any kind of baseless accusations may be met with disciplinary actions. 
10. Stay on topic and do not bring drama (personal or otherwise) to this group. Please be aware that any kind of “name calling” may be interpreted as disrespectful so please refrain from doing it in the group if it is excessive. We will not retract punishments based on claims of “being friends”. Personal disputes need to be settled personally, disputes from other groups need to be settled there. Don't flood our threads with bickering.
11. Do not post videos or go live in our group. It is too time consuming for the people answering questions at their leisure to have to sit through a video of you explaining the problem. Simply ask your question and include a picture of the scenario if you feel the picture provides extra clarity to the situation.
12. Do not chastise or belittle anyone for asking a question you may feel is basic. Everyone starts somewhere and nobody in this group is infallible.
13. For advertising/recruitment under no circumstances is it allowed to be posted without the express permission of the judge’s lounge admin staff this rule does not apply for judge calls for sanctioned events, for unsanctioned events please adhere to the following rule. Please feel free to reach out to us with inquiries and we will review them on a case by case basis and if approved you will be instructed on what degree of advertisement that will be allotted, by no means will a singular approval be valid for future advertisement posts.