1.
Be respectful at all times
Disrespect among members will NOT be tolerated. Endeavour to be polite, helpful, and sincere. This group is not the place to try and get one over on each other. Do not be rude, insulting, dismissive, sassy, snarky etc. Do not make comments such as "just read the card" or "yugioh players can't read" or any other comments that belittle, chastise or make fun of people for asking questions that you think are basic. Everyone starts somewhere, and nobody is infallible.

2.
Discussion of rules, mechanics, and policies only
This group is not for trading, buying/selling of cards, general Yu-Gi-Oh! news, deck discussion, strategy advice, memes or any other topics unrelated to judging. Please take such questions elsewhere. Ruling questions about legacy formats (e.g. Goat, Edison) are allowed, but you should specify which format you are asking about, and we cannot vouch for the accuracy of any answers you may receive about legacy formats.

3.
This group is NOT an official Yu-Gi-Oh! group
This group is not affiliated with Konami or any official resources and as such is not an official source for rulings nor should you think of it as such. We cannot answer questions about Konami's systems such as Neuron, KCGN, the Konami Tournament Software, OTS stores, or the Yu-Gi-Oh! website. Please direct such queries towards the "Contact Us" addresses on the Yu-Gi-Oh! website for your region.

4.
Do not ask about unreleased cards
You are welcome to ask about any card that has been officially released in the OCG (i.e. it has rulings entries on the OCG card database) or that we have official English TCG text for. Please refrain from asking about cards that do not meet this criteria, as we will be unable to give reliable and accurate rulings. If you wish to ask about a card that has been released in the OCG but does not yet have official English text, you are responsible for providing an accurate translation of the text.

5.
We do not support unlicensed dueling simulators
You can mention simulators and post screenshots if it is relevant, but otherwise avoid discussing them. Do not post bug reports, ask for a judge to come and answer your judge call (e.g. "any DB judges online?" is not allowed), or call out or make fun of people you may encounter on simulators.

6.
Respect the authority of moderators and admins
Our admin staff endeavour to be unbiased and professional. If you have a problem or dispute with something that a moderator or admin has said or done, please contact a different admin to voice your concerns. Do not make a post about it in the group.

7.
Do not block moderators and admins
Blocking moderators and admins prevents us from properly notifying when you have broken the rules. If you are found to have blocked a moderator or admin, you will be suspended or have your ability to participate revoked until the block is removed in order to prevent further rulebreaking. If you have a problem with a moderator or admin, then as per rule 6 please message another admin about it rather than blocking them.

8.
Do not flood our posts with irrelevant discussion
Stay on topic and do not bring drama to this group. Keep personal conversations and banter to a minimum - just because you're friends with each other, doesn't mean we won't punish you if your banter looks like you're being disrespectful. Disputes that originated in other groups, in personal chats, in real life events etc should be settled there. Do not try to name and shame or call each other out or say "I told you so".

9.
Do not post videos or go live in our group
People answering questions in this group do so at their own leisure. It's not fair to expect them to have to sit through a video in order to interact with your post or comment - they may have little time to spare, or they may be in a place where they cannot listen to the video. Instead, simply describe the situation and include a picture if it helps. Also, Yugitubers can be wrong and make mistakes just like the rest of us - their videos are not valid evidence for a ruling in and of themselves.

10.
No advertising/recruitment without approval
With the exception of judge calls for sanctioned events, all types of advertising/recruitment posts must first be approved the admin staff. Feel free to message staff with inquiries and we will review them on a case-by-case basis and let you know how much we will allow. Note that approval of a singular post does not constitute approval for future posts.
